This is in addition to the Apple's Standard EULA terms, which is accessible here: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/ and attached to the end of this EULA text:
BY USING OR ACCESSING OUR SERVICE, YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF SERVICE SET FORTH BELOW, WHICH IS BINDING AND ENFORCEABLE AS A LEGAL AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, KINDLY DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SERVICE ANY LONGER.

Scope of Service
Our ("Company") profile sharing service (“Service”) is only limited to offering and assisting You, the User, with the necessary technical tools to share your profile and third party website data with others. For the purpose of this Terms of Service, your profile shall be collectively called “User Generated Content”. We have no obligation to review any User Generated Content and can in no way be held responsible for anything related to any User Generated Content. Using our Service will be at your sole risk and responsibility at all times.
You specifically represent and warrant that your User Generated Content will not -
contain any abusive, harassing, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, fraudulent, deceptive, misleading, offensive, pornographic, illegal or unlawful information;
be against any local or national laws where our Service is being used or where the results of your User Generated Content is made available to;
infringe or be likely to infringe any third-party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
For the purpose of these Terms of Service, intellectual property rights shall mean, without limitation, worldwide copyright, patent, registered design, design right, trademark, trade secret or any other proprietary or industrial right. Should your User Generated Content nevertheless be found to be infringing and/or in violation of any of the above, you will defend Company against any and all third-party claims, and be held liable for all (direct and indirect) damages and costs incurred by Company with respect to such claims.
Except for such User Generated Content, all copyright and all other proprietary rights associated with the Service (including but not limited to software, audio, video, text and photographs) rests with Company or its licensors. All rights in the content not expressly granted herein are reserved. Except as otherwise provided, the content published on this Service may be reproduced or distributed in unmodified form for personal, non-commercial use only. Any other use of the content, including without limitation distribution, reproduction, modification, display or transmission without the prior written consent of Company is strictly prohibited. You also agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automated device, or manual process to monitor or copy any content from the Service. Our rights include rights to (i) the Service developed and provided by us; and (ii) all software associated with the Service. All copyright and other proprietary notices shall be retained on all reproductions.

Warranty
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY WARRANTY AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC USER REQUIREMENTS NOR DOES IT GIVE ANY WARRANTY ABOUT THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED BY USING THE SERVICE. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THE SERVICE MAY RELY UPON THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE FOR CERTAIN FUNCTIONS AND, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH EXPRESSLY HEREIN, COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, PROMISE OR GUARANTEE TO YOU THAT SUCH SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ACCOMPLISH A SPECIFIED PURPOSE OR PERFORM IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY PARTICULAR STANDARD, LEVEL OR METRIC AND COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO USER FOR ANY FAILURE THEREOF. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU HEREBY ASSUME ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL OUTCOMES BASED THEREON.

PLEASE NOTE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IN WHICH CASE SOME OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Limitation of Liability
These Terms of Service set out the full extent of our obligations and liabilities in respect of the Service. Save as set out above, there are no warranties, conditions or other terms that are binding on us regarding the supply of Service except as expressly stated in these Terms of Service. Any warranty, condition or other term arising out of or in connection with the Service or the delivered models which might otherwise be implied into or incorporated into these Terms of Service by statute, common law, laws applicable in the country or otherwise (including without limitation any implied term as to quality, fitness for purpose, reasonable care and skill) is hereby expressly excluded.

COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF INCOME, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF CONTRACTS, LOSS OF DATA OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND HOWSOEVER ARISING AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE.OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE SHALL IN NO CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEED THE PAYMENT RECEIVED FROM YOU BY COMPANY FOR THE RELEVANT ORDER.

Notwithstanding the above, nothing in these Terms of Service shall limit or exclude our liability (i) for death or personal injury caused by our gross negligence or (ii) for fraud or (iii) any breach of the obligations implied by applicable compulsory national laws as to title or (iv) any liability which cannot be excluded by law.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, representatives and agents from and against all losses, damages, suits, judgments, costs and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or in connection with (a) your use of or inability to use the Company’s services (b) your violation of any provision of these Terms of Service or your violation of any rights of a third party, or (c) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Company reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will offer complete cooperation with Company in asserting any available defenses.

Service Definition: Our service facilitates seamless access to your Mastodon or MissKey accounts on iOS platforms, leveraging the open API from the respective instances you're connected to.
Core Features:
Link up with your Mastodon or MissKey instance.
Retrieve your profile details and offer the capability to edit and share new content through your instance's provided API.
Premium Features (Subscription-based):
Ad-free experience.
Create and manage folders to organize your in-app bookmarks.
Filter content based on replies or exclusive media content.
Access the explorer timeline for discovering fresh content.
- This EULA is concluded between us and the End-Users only, and not with Apple, and us, not Apple, are solely responsible for the Licensed Application and the content thereof.
- The license granted to the End-User for the Licensed Application is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Licensed Application on any Apple-branded Products that the End-User owns or controls and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions, except that such Licensed Application may be accessed and used by other accounts associated with the purchaser via Family Sharing or volume purchasing. 
- We, the developer, provide support to customers through our support link located in the application's info screen.
Developer: Smart Soft K.K.
Email: contact@smartsofuto.co.jp
Address: 552-0002. 大阪府大阪市港区市岡元町２丁目６－１１
How to Cancel your Subscription
If you would like to cancel your Subscription to the Service, you will need to do this through your App Store account settings. Further instructions on how to do this can be found via your App Store.
If you cancel your Subscription, the cancellation will take effect at the end of your then-current paid Subscription period. You will continue to be able to access the Service up until that point.
Please note that we do not provide credit, refunds or prorated billing for Subscriptions that are cancelled. All refunds will be handled in accordance with your App Store Terms. You can find further information on cancelling orders and any associated refunds on the website of the App Store from whom you purchased the Subscription. Please make sure you familiarise yourself with your App Store's policy on refunds before you Subscribe.
Right to Suspend Access to Service
We may temporarily suspend or terminate your account or access to the Service if we have reason to suspect that you have breached any of these Terms.
If we suspend your account: (i) we will use reasonable endeavors to notify you; (iii) you will not be able to access your account during the period of suspension, while we investigate the circumstances; and (iii) depending on the outcome of our investigation, you may be permanently excluded from the Service. We will use reasonable endeavors to notify you if this happens.
We can terminate your rights to use the Site or Service immediately at any time and without refunding any payments made by you if you are in serious breach of these Terms.
We can also terminate your rights to use the Site or Service immediately at any time, giving you as much notice as possible, if we're forced to do so for technical or operational reasons beyond our control. If we end your access in these circumstances, we will use reasonable endeavors to work with your App Store to facilitate a refund of the proportion of your Subscription fee relating to the period you've paid for but for which you have not received access to the Service.
If we end your rights under these Terms, you must immediately stop all activities authorised by these Terms, including your access to the Services.
Ownership
The Service and all software, data and technologies embodied in or used to provide the Service, and all intellectual property rights therein or relating thereto, are and shall remain the exclusive property of us. All trademarks or other intellectual property not owned by us are proprietary information of its respective owners who may or may not be affiliated in with us. Any republication or redistribution of such content is expressly prohibited without the prior consent of relevant right holders.
(Attached) Apple Standard EULA:
Apps made available through the App Store are licensed, not sold, to you. Your license to each App is subject to your prior acceptance of either this Licensed Application End User License Agreement (“Standard EULA”), or a custom end user license agreement between you and the Application Provider (“Custom EULA”), if one is provided. Your license to any Apple App under this Standard EULA or Custom EULA is granted by Apple, and your license to any Third Party App under this Standard EULA or Custom EULA is granted by the Application Provider of that Third Party App. Any App that is subject to this Standard EULA is referred to herein as the “Licensed Application.” The Application Provider or Apple as applicable (“Licensor”) reserves all rights in and to the Licensed Application not expressly granted to you under this Standard EULA.
a. Scope of License: Licensor grants to you a nontransferable license to use the Licensed Application on any Apple-branded products that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules. The terms of this Standard EULA will govern any content, materials, or services accessible from or purchased within the Licensed Application as well as upgrades provided by Licensor that replace or supplement the original Licensed Application, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a Custom EULA. Except as provided in the Usage Rules, you may not distribute or make the Licensed Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not transfer, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed Application and, if you sell your Apple Device to a third party, you must remove the Licensed Application from the Apple Device before doing so. You may not copy (except as permitted by this license and the Usage Rules), reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open-sourced components included with the Licensed Application).
b. Consent to Use of Data: You agree that Licensor may collect and use technical data and related information—including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals—that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Licensed Application. Licensor may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you.
c. Termination. This Standard EULA is effective until terminated by you or Licensor. Your rights under this Standard EULA will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of its terms.
d. External Services. The Licensed Application may enable access to Licensor’s and/or third-party services and websites (collectively and individually, "External Services"). You agree to use the External Services at your sole risk. Licensor is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of any third-party External Services, and shall not be liable for any such third-party External Services. Data displayed by any Licensed Application or External Service, including but not limited to financial, medical and location information, is for general informational purposes only and is not guaranteed by Licensor or its agents. You will not use the External Services in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this Standard EULA or that infringes the intellectual property rights of Licensor or any third party. You agree not to use the External Services to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten or defame any person or entity, and that Licensor is not responsible for any such use. External Services may not be available in all languages or in your Home Country, and may not be appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to use such External Services, you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, disable or impose access restrictions or limits on any External Services at any time without notice or liability to you.
e. NO WARRANTY: YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED APPLICATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
f. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Licensor’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
g. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By using the Licensed Application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, missile, or chemical or biological weapons.
h. The Licensed Application and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.
i. Except to the extent expressly provided in the following paragraph, this Agreement and the relationship between you and Apple shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law provisions. You and Apple agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California, to resolve any dispute or claim arising from this Agreement. If (a) you are not a U.S. citizen; (b) you do not reside in the U.S.; (c) you are not accessing the Service from the U.S.; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising from this Agreement shall be governed by the applicable law set forth below, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the state, province or country identified below whose law governs:
If you are a citizen of any European Union country or Switzerland, Norway or Iceland, the governing law and forum shall be the laws and courts of your usual place of residence.
Specifically excluded from application to this Agreement is that law known as the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
